ladies and gentlemen good afternoon I am mine
shocked yesterday but then also
really broken
I lay together I am here with
glue and staples together so broken
shock me
Egstrom doesn't kill me than I don't here
seated and shaking me no hat me either
do not like hats and moreover is
it's way too hot for you i love too
not really a head for it you have to
my broken
I sat in front of my house from the sun
enjoy or enjoy I sat before my
house to melt away and the sun is like that
far that even my swedish know
I was so warm that it was just one
had a small puddle of sweat in my navel
formed
I really had my own little
hairy pond
if I sat very still
drinking sparrows out of it was just
wonderful not going on he was me
not his hand the only thing about my
hand was a water ice but is
she was absolutely fine
I sat there is a complete throat with a red one
so know it on clock
where ale with a water and ice
then on my tummy
to chill for my house when there suddenly
two motorcycle agents with high speed and
sirens arrive and tear
you have gestures and shouts put it
do not cross a day so far
hand it is london
every u ever here one or hassle i was
still to come according to chill
had flown away in fright but
nothing to blame yes it
stick of water requirements that I put together
with the sun in that on the same picture
still on my hand you for the rest was there
nothing wrong
and then it happened a huge one came
procession of police cars and motorbikes
fire trucks ambulance customs red
but sea ​​water came to bear everything
shaking giant truth of it
sirens and squeaks of tires that come with a
downhill walk through the bend over the intersection
popping
I have never had so many emergency services with me
each other is indeed everything was out of the
fetched the cupboard and then you really taught me
I broke up and the stick fell
to the ground
together with half a liter of sweat
my navel had been this was from the
farmer had happened something terrible
the lair never stopped
herd of flashing lights and roaring sirens
and I am a bit scared and everyone
a bit scared
and I was still bar people
came from their homes and speculated
out loud what the hell is going on
was the huge fire or were the
riots broke out or a bomb attack and
the last could very well have been there
this week only all sad
bomb reports on trains 3 bomb reports
and number terrorist with our polder
motionless zambia they have a mobile
phone is a cell found a cell
phone
He has it in his cell all the time
had internet access and what why
not we thought he was locked up
in the cell but that has been apparent all the time
to have been a telephone booth
the phone was hidden in a can
peach guards against probably
admonished when they saw zambia
very often with a can of peaches
he was talking to his ear
actually for punishment on friday
the cell phones apparently super
yummy
after seeing all those different
emergency services thought I got in here to me
around that really there was an attack
committed
I turned on the radio and television on the took
my mobility from and is not
appeared every now and then and after 10 minutes
twitter the first messages what's real
on the basis it turned out to be a procession
vics very important children
chronically ill and disabled
children who all became artis
not brought forever or as feed
but for a nice evening in the
zoo
it was worldwide yesterday
children's animal festival zoos at van 's
evening also to those poor children a
great day
nice if you are chronically ill and
disabled children somewhere one
can have fun with it then it is one
nice day at the zoo with a
emergency escort involving a whole
city will have a heart attack
that as a municipality or perhaps just as ajax
Sure, don't just do it
those children have an extra nice day
around all those frightened faces
the side of the road to see that still
paler than themselves
I stood up denied and we realized
I now hate a thing
chronically ill and disabled
kids and turn my back on me
shocked again
thank you